.TH LIGHTCLI 3
.SH NAME
lightcli is a Python 3 module for lightweight terminal interaction.

.SH SYNOPSIS
    \fBimport lightcli\fR
    choice = \fBlightcli.choice_input(\fR[options=\fI<options>\fR], [prompt=\fI<prompt>\fR], [qopt={\fITrue\fR|\fIFalse\fR}]\fB)\fR
    multiline = \fBlightcli.long_input(\fR[prompt=\fI<prompt>\fR]\fB)\fR
    mylist = \fBlightcli.list_input(\fR[prompt=\fI<prompt>\fR]\fB)\fR
    outputfile = \fBlightcli.outfile_input(\fR[extension=\fI<extension>\fR]\fB)\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlightcli\fP is a Python 3 module for lightweight terminal interaction.

.SH FUNCTIONS
\fBlightcli.choice_input(\fR[options=\fI<options>\fR], [prompt=\fI<prompt>\fR], [qopt={\fITrue\fR|\fIFalse\fR}]\fB)\fR
.br
Options:
    \fBoptions\fR - list of acceptable answers (list of strings)
    \fBprompt\fR - text shown when asking for input (a string)
    \fBshowopts\fR - toggles display of options list (default is True).
    \fBqopt\fR - toggles a 'q to quit' option (default is False).

\fBchoice_input\fR prompts for and returns input from a list of choices.

\fBlightcli.long_input(\fR[prompt=\fI<prompt>\fR], [maxlines=\fI<maxlines>\fR], [maxlength=\fI<maxlength>\fR]\fB)\fR
.br
Options:
    \fBprompt\fR - text shown when asking for input (a string)
    \fBmaxlines\fR - sets the maximum number of lines
    \fBmaxlength\fR - sets the maximum line length

\fBlong_input\fR gets a multi-line string as input. Entering an EOF on a blank line ends the input (ctrl-D in *nix, ctrl-Z in Windows).

\fBlightcli.list_input(\fR[prompt=\fI<prompt>\fR], [maxitems=\fI<maxitems>\fR], [maxlength=\fI<maxlength>\fR]\fB)\fR
.br
Options:
    \fBprompt\fR - text shown when asking for input (a string)
    \fBmaxitems\fR - sets the maximum number of items
    \fBmaxlength\fR - sets the maximum item length

\fBlist_input\fR gets a list of strings as input. Each item is entered on a separate line; entering an EOF on a blank line ends the input (ctrl-D in *nix, ctrl-Z in Windows).

\fBlightcli.outfile_input(\fR[extension=\fI<extension>\fR]\fB)\fR
.br
Options:
    \fBextension\fR - sets the file extension

\fBoutfile_input\fR returns the name of a writeable output file.

.SH FILES
    /usr/share/doc/lightcli/README.md
    /usr/share/doc/lightcli/LICENSE

.SH AUTHOR
Dan Persons (dpersonsdev@gmail.com)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2017 Dan Persons (dpersonsdev@gmail.com)

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Library General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
