.\" Manpage for transfat

.TH transfat 1 "June 2017" "" ""

.SH NAME
transfat \- transfer and sort audio files to/on a FAT device

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtransfat\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fISOURCES\fR] [\fIDESTINATION\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fItransfat\fR is a convenience program designed to make it painless to play music on certain car stereos; namely, car stereos that (1) only accept MP3 format and (2) do not alphanumerically play audio files within a directory. A few things are done when running this program: certain files are filtered out from the transfer list (e.g., CUEs, LOGs, etc), non-MP3 audio files are converted to MP3, the audio files are transferred to a device, the device is unmounted, and then the device is fatsorted.


.SH OPTIONS
.
.TP
\fB--armin\fR
use armin mode, which is tailored to transfering baby967 rips of radio-show "A State of Trance". This uses the \fIARMIN\fR settings from configuration file, and additionally renames directories on \fIDESTINATION\fR to their episode numbers.
.
.
.TP
\fB--config-file\fR\fI=CONFIG_FILE\fR
use the configuration file specified by \fICONFIG_FILE\fR. Note that the specified configuration file must conform to the scheme of the default \fIconfig.ini\fR.
.
.
.TP
\fB--default\fR
use \fIDEFAULT\fR settings from configuration file
.
.
.TP
\fB-f, --no-fatsort\fR
don't unmount or fatsort
.
.
.TP
\fB--find-config\fR
display path to configuration file and exit
.
.
.TP
\fB-h --help\fR
display help message and exit
.
.
.TP
\fB-n --non-interactive\fR
never prompt user for input. Note that the configuration file specifies to prompt whether to take certain actions; this option suppresses all of those prompts.
.
.
.TP
\fB--quiet --silent\fR
display minimal output
.
.
.TP
\fB--sort-only\fR
unmount and fatsort the \fIDESTINATION\fR drive. Currently you need to pass in something to the \fISOURCES\fR argument, too, even though none of the sources will be used.
.
.
.TP
\fB--verbose\fR
display maximal output
.
.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
display version number and exit
.

.SH SEE ALSO
fatsort(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs: please open an issue at \fIgithub.com/mwiens91/transfat\fR if you find one.

.SH AUTHOR
Matt Wiens <mwiens91 at gmail dot com>
