.TH QUIZLIGHT 1
.SH NAME
quizlight - A simple terminal-based quiz program.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B quizlight

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBquizlight\fP is a simple terminal-based quiz program for test taking and creation. It comes with a python3 module, based on The Python Tutorial, which can be found at:
    
    https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/

.SH OPTIONS
    usage: quizlight [-h] [--version] [-d DIRECTORY] [--learn] [file]
    
    positional arguments:
      file          set the module import file
    
    optional arguments:
      -h, --help    show this help message and exit
      --version     show program's version number and exit
      -d DIRECTORY  set the module import directory
      --learn       turn on learning mode (immediate answer feedback)

.SH EXAMPLES
    quizlight
    quizlight -d .
    quizlight modules/python3.json

.SH NOTES
quizlight has a menu driven interface, based on the lightcli library. There are two modes: \fBtest mode\fR, and \fBedit mode\fR. \fBTest mode\fR is for taking tests; \fBedit mode\fR is for creating and extending tests. Edit mode can create new tests, add chapters to existing tests, and extend existing chapters. Questions can not be deleted in edit mode.

.SH FILES
    /usr/share/doc/quizlight/modules/*
    /usr/share/doc/quizlight/README.md
    /usr/share/doc/quizlight/LICENSE

.SH AUTHOR
    Dan Persons (dpersonsdev@gmail.com)

.SH COPYRIGHT
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Dan Persons

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
