
[[ send to:
   wxpython-users@googlegroups.com,
   wxpython-dev@googlegroups.com,
   wx-users@googlegroups.com,
   wx-announce@googlegroups.com,
   Python-Announce-List@Python.Org
   ]]


Announcing wxPython 4.0.0a2
---------------------------

https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wxPython/4.0.0a2

This build of wxPython is based on the official wxWidgets 3.0.3 release.

This release is mostly various bug fixes and other tweaks, such as:

  * Allow numpy arrays to be auto-converted to simple sequence value types like
    wx.Size, wx.Colour, etc.

  * A couple of fixes to lib/agw/aui to prevent segfaults under OSX when
    AuiNotebook tabs are closed

  * Fix wx._core.wxAssertionError in wx.lib.agw.aui when dragging a notebook tab

  * Fix the [G|S]etClientData methods in wx.CommandEvent to behave the same
    way they are in wx.ClientDataContainer.

  * Fix the SetFonts methods in wx.html classes

  * Several fixes in wx.dataview related to overriding methods

  * Fixed some flickering in wx.lib.agw.aui.framemanager

  * Fixed problem with wrong implementation of wxNotebook::DeleteAllPages being
    called on Windows

  * Added the missing wx.grid.GRID_AUTOSIZE flag

  * Fixed crash due to the object created in an XmlSubclassFactory being
    destroyed too soon

  * Fixed crash in wx.lib.agw.toasterbox

  * Fixed crash when using wx.xrc.XmlSubclassFactory

  * Fixed wx.grid.GridTableBase.GetValue and related methods to work more like
    they did in Classic, so non-string values can be used a little more
    easily.

Added building and bundling of the PDB files for wxWidgets and the wxPython
extensions on Windows.  Until a better place is found they will be
downloadable from https://wxPython.org/Phoenix/release-extras, along with
archives for the documentation as well as the demo and samples.



What is wxPython?
-----------------

wxPython is a cross-platform GUI toolkit for the Python programming language.
It allows Python programmers to create programs with a robust, highly
functional graphical user interface, simply and easily. It is implemented as a
set of Python extension modules that wrap the GUI components of the popular
wxWidgets cross platform library, which is written in C++. Supported platforms
are Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and macOS, and Linux or other unix-like
systems with GTK2 or GTK3 libraries. In most cases the native widgets are used
on each platform to provide a 100% native look and feel for the application.


What is wxPython Phoenix?
-------------------------

wxPython's Project Phoenix is a new from-the-ground-up implementation of
wxPython, created with the intent of making wxPython “better, stronger, faster
than he was before.” In other words, this new implementation is focused on
improving speed, maintainability and extensibility of wxPython, as well as
removing most of the cruft that had accumulated over the long life of Classic
wxPython.

The project has been in development off and on, mostly behind the scenes, for
many years. For the past few years automated snapshot builds have been
available for those adventurous enough to try it, and many people eventually
started using the snapshots in their projects, even for production releases.
While there are still some things on the periphery that need to be completed,
the core of the new wxPython extension modules which wrap the wxWidgets code
has been stable for a long time now.

Due to some things being cleaned up, reorganized, simplified and dehackified
wxPython Phoenix is not completely backwards compatible with wxPython Classic.
This is intended. In general, however, the API differences tend to be minor
and some applications can use Phoenix with slight, or even no modifications.
In some other cases the correct way to do things was also available in Classic
and it's only the wrong way that has been removed from Phoenix.  For more
information there is a Migration Guide document available at:
https://wxpython.org/Phoenix/docs/html/MigrationGuide.html

The new wxPython API reference documentation, including all Python-specific
additions and customizations, and docs for the wx.lib package, is located at:
https://wxpython.org/Phoenix/docs/html/main.html
